Yes hello
today I have something very hot for
I do not mind you
wants to withhold and that with
Tires for the re where 128 of practice
Look at it so incredibly so far
I have not seen any with
So it will be fine
the first ones are the rims of
axial oversize the big ones for the once
Eighth and foam rubber is japan foam rubber
front 38 rear 36 and of the most
I hope that tires at
high speeds I with
Six, just do not live
mature ballooning more arises and that
I grip more than usual
I could not stop myself and I
the tire flanks just ein
bit labeled with white color
some of you will become one
probably ask what does he have there
now on the tire wall
written on it so the enlightenment
Latin means alea iacta est
as much as the dice has fallen
that's often enough, wrongly
even with the dice have fallen
translated but that's just not true
because it would number up to you healthy
So plural so there you have probably
looking forward to the rear tire cities
another famous Latin saying
veni vidi vici i came i saw i
won
but that should actually
I got to be think I once and that
has not been translated incorrectly
and here you can see again
that it does not drag anything
fits perfectly that's right
class I was before I mature
I was a bit mounted
skeptical if that really is everything
fits and does not drag somehow though
There are no problems with the tires
are just fully hit and that
definitely works on the
We also look at the other side again
how is it then in practice
beats